>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically are
going to keep on to help
uncover what really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> We need to give
people the information.
>> NARRATOR: And now the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY: And
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Hey, the next time you
stop at a red light
and see those red light cameras,
or somebody comes up to you
and says, we want to
implant you with a chip,
remember this moment.
Let's hear a round of applause
for our next guest, Katherine
Albrecht, Privacy Expert.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: Katherine,
good to see you.
>> KATHERINE ALBRECHT:
Good to see you.
>> NOORY: Katherine has been
a long-time guest on "Coast
to Coast."
You look wonderful.
>> ALBRECHT: Thank you.
You look pretty good, yourself.
And it's nice to see you on TV.
>> NOORY: It's
different, isn't it?
>> ALBRECHT: It is, on camera.
>> NOORY: I'm going
to tell you a story.
And I asked Katherine if
it was OK to mention this,
because it's a very private
issue with a person who
deals with privacy.
Katherine is a breast
cancer survivor.
She fought it, she beat it!
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And here she is.
When that first happened to you,
how did you find out about it?
What happened?
>> ALBRECHT: It was at
Christmas time, 2010.
And I started feeling just
pain, like a pencil stabbing me
in the breast.
And I said, what is that?
And it was Christmas, so
I just kind of thought,
I'm not going to
think about this much.
I had lost family
members to breast cancer,
so it was the last thing I
wanted to actually think about.
As I began to get
a little concerned,
I did notice that
there was a lump.
A lot of women have
kind of lumpiness.
It's just part of being a woman.
And I didn't think
anything of it.
I went to see my doctor.
And it was during the
exam that she said,
I think you need a mammogram.
And she got that white
look on her face.
And that was when my
world began to crash.
>> NOORY: Oh, my God.
I remember when we went to
lunch in LA several years ago,
and you look as good
now as you did then.
But when Tom told
me, my producer,
that you had breast
cancer, and that you
needed to take a little
time to find yourself
and to heal yourself,
and that you couldn't
be on "Coast to Coast,"
I was mortified.
I was in shock.
I'm saying, how could this
person, who is so vibrant,
come down with
something like that?
It could happen to anybody.
>> ALBRECHT: It can
happen to anyone.
And the thing that was
so shocking about it
was, that by the
time I found it,
oftentimes, if you
get regular screening,
you can find it when it's just
a little size of a pin head,
literally, they can
find it these days.
I had not been in for a screen.
They're saying now 45
is the age to do it.
I hadn't hit 45, so I
hadn't done my screen yet.
And by the time we
found it, I kid you
not, it was the size of a mouse.
So imagine something that huge.
>> NOORY: Unbelievable.
>> ALBRECHT: And typically, when
they find a cancer that's that
large, it's already spread
to the lungs, the liver,
the brain, the bones.
And then its terminal.
So there were a scary
couple of weeks in there,
when we ran every lab test.
I had bone scans.
I had CAT scans.
I had liver scans.
I had lung scans.
I went through the
whole nine yards.
And after every one,
even the doctors,
they were all treating
me like a dead women.
It really was--
>> NOORY: They give up.
>> ALBRECHT: -- a
horrifying experience.
I had a receptionist come
around during one of my tests,
come around from the desk
with tears in her eyes
and give me a hug.
So they definitely
were expecting
that it was not
going to be curable.
>> NOORY: A couple of months
ago, Katherine, my niece,
my sister's daughter,
was talking to my sister.
And she called her
father, my brother-in-law,
and said, "Dad, you
need to get home.
There's something
wrong with Mom."
And he said, "What do you mean?"
She said, "She's just
not acting right."
By the time he got home,
which was within 30 minutes
after that phone
call, they found
her collapsed on the floor.
Had no idea what
was wrong with her.
She had cut her
head, after falling.
They rushed her to the hospital.
And they found a tumor the size
of a golf ball in her brain.
And they operated on it.
She went through the
chemo and the radiation.
I, as you know, Katherine,
I'm a naturalist.
And I wanted her
to be on turmeric,
and all these
other great things.
But she won't do that.
But she's going through those
stages that you went through.
But she's got Stage IV.
And that's tough.
And her attitude has changed.
How important was your attitude
when you defeated this?
>> ALBRECHT: You know, I
almost think that's a myth.
Because when you get cancer
of any kind, it's depressing.
You will have
moments when you just
say, God, how did this happen?
You'll have moments when
you won't get out of bed.
you'll spend, I mean,
days that you'll
spend just crying.
And there's an added guilt,
if you begin to think,
my attitude has to be wonderful.
I have to be cheerful,
I have to be happy.
I'm making myself worse.
And then it's a cycle.
And what they're finding is,
there is an attitude component,
because the attitude
has to deal with what
you do to make yourself better.
So if you get too depressed
to go to your treatment,
you get too depressed to
look at the supplements
and do the things that you
need to do, then clearly
a bad attitude.
I mean, there are some women
who say, I have breast cancer,
I don't want to keep living.
And they throw in the towel.
And obviously, that's
the wrong attitude.
But I don't want women to
beat themselves up if they
do have discouragement
going through this horrible
experience.
>> NOORY: Well, I have never
talked to a privacy expert who
knows as much as you
do about privacy.
So we expect to have you around.
>> ALBRECHT: Absolutely.
Well, I expect to stick around.
And just to give
you the update, I
did go through-- my doctor
who is at Dana Farber,
tells me that I had more
chemotherapy than anyone
she's ever treated.
She gave me more
treatment and more, just
the whole nine yards.
>> NOORY: They
pelted you with this.
>> NOORY: Because
I was Stage III C,
right on the cliff of
going into Stage IV.
And that means three different
kinds of chemotherapy.
That means lots of
surgery, and a mastectomy.
The radiation, I had 33
radiation treatments.
So I've been through the mill.
And the reason, I think,
that I've done so well
is because of all
of the things I've
learned from "Coast,"
all the things I've
learned from my own research,
of how you can actually
do the standard therapies of
chemotherapy and radiation,
without which, I
think, my chances were
like 96% of being dead
within 5 to 10 years.
And now my chances are
like vastly improved,
because I've done
the standard therapy.
The reason people don't
want to do it, though,
is they're afraid-- I'm
going to lose my hair,
I'm going to lose my energy,
the chemotherapy is poison.
So you kind of go through
this whole process
of realizing, yes, but if
I've got an enemy force that's
taken over my body,
it's almost like
when the Nazis took over
Poland, over Warsaw.
When the Allies wanted
to come and rescue
the people in
Warsaw, they couldn't
go in with all kinds of
gifts and lovely things,
because the Nazis
would just take it.
So you really have to go
in and almost carpet bomb.
It's a crazy thought.
And it's very hard when
you are the one who's
being carpet bombed.
But you have to kill the cancer.
And the key, during
that process,
is really to figure out how do I
protect myself in that process,
so I don't have any additional
symptoms from the chemotherapy?
And that's where the
turmeric comes in.
The curcumin, which is the
active ingredient in there.
That's where the Coriolis
mushroom from mushroom science
comes in.
That's where Risperdal, which
is wonderful for radiation-- I
had the exact perfect
response to the radiation.
A lot of women get
blisters and it's awful.
I didn't have any of that.
So it's, as you do it, you
don't want to throw the baby out
with the bath water,
which is what my aunt did.
She went the total
natural route.
And breast cancer,
by the time she
died she had multiple
tumors in her brain.
And it was a horrible,
horrible agonizing end.
So I said, I know enough
to know that there
are natural solutions.
I'm going to find them.
My husband and I have
come up with a regimen.
I take 30 different pills a day.
>> NOORY: Oh, you're like me.
>> ALBRECHT: I'm on all
kinds of supplements.
It's all natural.
And bless my husband's
heart, he, every day,
prepares me what
we call the pill
cocktail, from a whole variety
of turmeric and everything
else.
>> NOORY: And as Charlie Sheen
would say, you are winning.
>> ALBRECHT: I am winning.
I'm winning.
>> NOORY: Good for you.
Katherine Albrecht.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: How did you get
interested in privacy issues?
What happened there?
>> ALBRECHT: You know, that's
kind of an interesting story.
Back in 1999, I was a
graduate student at Harvard.
I was working on totally
unrelated research.
And my local Safeway
supermarket in California
introduced to the
Safeway Rewards Card.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> ALBRECHT: And I
said, what it this?
And then I noticed
store after store
was introducing these things.
And when I did a little
research, I looked into it,
I said, why would they, you
know, there's already sales.
I don't need a
card to get sales.
And then I discovered
that what they were doing
was using the numbers on there
to create an enormous database
of information about
what people buy.
>> NOORY: What you buy, where
you're going, when you come in.
Everything.
>> ALBRECHT: When you come in,
and now what they can do is,
they can take it
to the next level.
Because the supermarkets now,
including Safeway, especially,
and some of the supermarkets
on the East Coast,
have now purchased
these records that
tell you what's in
all the food you buy.
So they can actually pinpoint
an individual customer's health
predictions on the basis
of how much preservatives
you're eating, how many
green leafy vegetables.
They can break it down into
how many calories per adult
or per person in your
household you're consuming,
and make predictions whether
you have an obesity issue.
They can tell if
you're on a diet.
If you have dandruff.
I mean it's crazy
what they can tell.
>> NOORY: What do they
do with the information?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, they've
been using it for marketing
purposes.
And the idea,
ultimately, for stores,
is that there no longer
will even be price tags.
See JC Penney's is
working on this.
When we get into RFID I
want to talk about that.
But the idea is that
the store of the future,
you will walk in with your
portable handheld device,
a cellphone, whatever it is,
you'll aim it at the shelf,
and you'll get a unique
price specific to you.
Think about when you
fly in the airplane.
You know, you and I
can both reserve--
we can be sitting next to
each other on the same flight,
and you paid $800.
>> NOORY: I would love
to do that, by the way.
>> ALBRECHT: Let's got for it.
So you would pay $800
and I'd pay $300.
And you'd say, how
is that possible?
>> NOORY: That's not fair.
>> ALBRECHT: Right, because they
do the individual pricing based
on when you bought it, based
on what time you called,
based on even your previous--
>> NOORY: Yeah.
Maybe you have flown
with us 50 times.
>> ALBRECHT: That's right.
That's right.
So that's what they want
to do in the stores.
And the supermarket cards,
or the "loyalty cards,"
isn't that a terrible name?
"Loyalty cards," they
were the beginning
of that to set up the
infrastructure so that all
of the cash registers
now have the ability
to do unique individual pricing
for each individual person.
So eventually they want to RFID
tag everything in the store,
so it's all remotely readable.
They want those price
tags to, literally, change
throughout the day.
So if it's 10 o'clock at
night, and all the other stores
are closed, the price is double.
Or if it's the week
before Christmas,
and they know you're in
a hurry, all of a sudden
the prices go up.
And they can just do
this in real time.
>> NOORY: These tags that they
have been putting in clothes
and things like that,
where do they get them?
Where are they made?
Are they made here
in this country?
Are they made in China?
Where are they?
>> ALBRECHT: They're
made all over the world.
It's been a huge-- it's really
the third world countries that
have paid the price for
this, environmentally.
Because one of the things
that rarely gets talked
about with RFID is, these
things contain heavy metal.
In RFID tags, the
microchip, which
has to be processed somewhere--
>> NOORY: And how big are they?
>> ALBRECHT: The microchips are
the size of a speck of dust,
nowadays.
They're really, really small.
But you don't need
to worry about that,
because without an
antenna, it can't transmit.
So the antennas can be like
the ones on a credit card.
They go all the way around
the edge of a credit card.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> ALBRECHT: But in
order to create them,
they put the metal on.
>> NOORY: I thought
that was a design.
>> ALBRECHT: Well,
they etch it off.
They actually etch it away.
And then they wash that liquid,
full of all those heavy metals,
which is winding up
in lakes and streams
and polluting the water supply
in a lot of these third world
countries.
>> NOORY: All right.
>> ALBRECHT: And then, not
to mention what it does
to the recycling stream.
Because, if you
take an RFID-- I'll
give you an example--
if you take plastic
and you recycle it.
You know, we all watch
the numbers, the six
and the eight and the four.
If it has an RFID
tag in the plastic,
it degrades it, just
having that tag in there,
so that the plastic is
no longer recyclable.
And it turns plastic,
in the recycling stream,
into what they call
park bench plastic.
Which is the plastic that
can't be used for anything else
but making park benches,
because it's so degraded.
>> NOORY: Now how would you
company that's recycling,
how would they even know this?
>> ALBRECHT: Well,
they wouldn't.
And this is one of the dirty
little secrets of RFID.
The other thing it
does is cardboard,
because when you put
the cardboard through,
you get it wet, and you
turn it into a pulp,
and then you do all
these things with it.
But now it's full
of heavy metals
from all the RFID antennas.
And so they're finding
that even recycling paper,
that it's turning the
paper into toxic paper
through the recycling.
>> NOORY: What will they do
with the information, Katherine?
So they've got these
little chips in everything.
And we'll get into chips
in people in a moment.
But what will they do
with these product chips?
What do they want
to get from that?
I mean, will it follow
you outside the store?
Will it show you where you live?
What will happen?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, the idea
is, there are multiple people
within retail who want this.
The people on the
supply chain side,
because we're bringing in
all of this junk from China,
they want to be
able to track it.
So you've got these big ships
and warehouses and trucks
and we're shipping
things in from overseas,
and it's getting lost.
So they want the ability to walk
into a warehouse with a reader
and instantly know what's in it.
Or to put doorways, so
that as the forklift comes
in with a pallet of products,
they know exactly where it is.
Once it's on the
shelf, they want it
so that they can tell how
many pairs of underwear
are on the shelf.
So that when they get
down to having zero pairs,
they'll know to go
and restock the shelf.
>> NOORY: Or in case
someone stole one, right?
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah, right.
>> NOORY: Which I may be wearing
right now, you never know.
>> ALBRECHT: Well, that's what
they were doing with a razor
blades at Gillette, is they
actually set up that picture
taking shelf that we revealed,
probably 10 years ago now.
But they actually set
up a hidden camera,
and they would take a picture
of every person in the Walmart
store who picked up the package
of Gillette razor blades.
They would take a literal
mug shot of every customer
in the store, because
they were suspecting
every single person
of being a shoplifter.
So that's another reason,
to prevent shoplifting.
But then, once you
get beyond that,
that's when it begins
to get very disturbing.
Because once the
supply chain people
that are managing
inventory, once they
put it on to make
their jobs easier,
then they shift
the burden onto us.
And what winds up happening
is you've got researchers
at all kinds of universities
all over the world
now looking and
saying, well hang on,
once the coffee
cups and the papers
and the shoes and
everything have RFID tags,
look what we can do.
We can put readers
in the carpet.
in people's homes.
And in fact, the Robert
Wood Johnson Foundation,
which people may know
from PBS, they actually
just recently sponsored a
big health care conference.
And one of the things
their president said
is that she looks
forward to the day
that she can monitor the health
of her patients in real time
by watching what they
do in their homes.
>> NOORY: While
they're doing it.
>> ALBRECHT: With
the tagged products,
while they're doing it.
>> NOORY: Intantly.
>> ALBRECHT: So monitoring
your health by telling,
are you moving a
little more slowly,
you drinking too much coffee.
You hit the coffee.
>> NOORY: You might
get a phone call.
>> ALBRECHT: It's crazy.
>> NOORY: What are you doing?
>> NOORY: Speaking of
calls, which we do on "Coast
to Coast," we also, with
our live audience here,
with "Beyond Belief," we'll
take questions for Katherine.
So let's start a few right now.
Who's up first?
Who wants to ask Katherine
Albrecht a question?
Great.
>> AUDIENCE: Eventually, do you
feel that with RFID tracking
for foods, the insurance
companies will ask
their clientele to pay
different prices in premiums,
based upon what they eat?
>> ALBRECHT: It's already
happening with the loyalty
cards.
Safeway actually has a
program for its employees,
and it's a huge corporation, one
of the biggest in the country,
Safeway has a program
where their employees have
two different insurance rates.
One if they agree to allow
Safeway to monitor all
of their purchases of food,
and one if they don't.
So it's already happening.
And in fact, in New
England, Stop & Shop,
which is our biggest chain,
I actually spoke to their VP.
And I said, why are you
investing in all of this?
How can this possibly
make you money?
It costs a fortune to
do all of this tracking.
He said, well we're looking
to recoup our investment
by sharing the
information with HMOs.
>> NOORY: What ever
happened to the old days,
when they didn't
have any of this?
We got by.
>> ALBRECHT: I know.
>> NOORY: We existed.
We sold products.
They restocked.
Why can't we go
back to those days?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, you know, I
wonder this about everything,
George.
My health club, I live in the
safest part of New England
you could never live in.
I live in New Hampshire,
where there's no crime.
And I just had surgery.
And after my surgery went
back to the health club, just
last week, and they've
installed surveillance cameras.
The big, you know, that
fish eye in the sky.
And I thought, has there been a
single crime at this facility?
And the answer is no.
Is there a single reason
why they had to do that?
And yet every 20 feet, all
up and down the hallways now,
are these eyes in
the sky watching us.
>> NOORY: Everywhere.
>> ALBRECHT: So, yeah, what
happened to the old days?
We did get by OK.
And by the way, all
of this technology
is not solving
the crime problem.
It's having no impact on that.
>> NOORY: Not at all.
>> ALBRECHT: No.
Let's take a few more
of your questions.
Yes.
>> AUDIENCE: Will the chips
be implemented into small
businesses?
>> ALBRECHT: That's
a good question.
I think what's going
to happen, Walmart
has really been driving
this since 2005.
The bar code for people
old enough to remember,
it's not always been around.
It was 1984, and I'm
sure Orwell is rolling
in his grave over this, when
Walmart issued a mandate to all
of its suppliers
and said, if you
don't put bar codes
on your products,
we won't carry them any longer.
So I think what's going to
wind up happening is in,
2005, well, already, Walmart
said to its suppliers,
you're going to need to put
the RFID tags on the crates
and pallets, the
warehouse level stuff that
comes into our warehouses.
And now you see stores like
JC Penney's, Macy's, Walmart,
now do you see them getting
down to the individual level
tagging of the
things that you buy,
I think the small
businesses are going
to be participating in the same
way they participate in the bar
code system.
They didn't derive it,
but given that it's there,
it becomes a part of
the retail landscape.
>> NOORY: Katherine, I remember
going to the store with
my mother, to the supermarket,
I'm a little kid, eight,
nine years old.
There were no bar codes.
And the cashier did
everything by hand.
So we bought a tomato,
it would be $0.25.
If we bought this,
they'd do-- and I
do have to admit that, nowadays,
with so many people always
waiting in line, it's
somewhat convenient
to just go beep, beep, beep.
Does this have
any pluses at all?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, I think
once you start talking about
the advantages for
efficiency, you have to look
at the downsides for humanity.
Because it would be much more
efficient for me, as a school
teacher, for example, or
as a Sunday school teacher,
to just have my kids press their
fingers to a fingerprint reader
as they walk in the
door, or do an iris scan.
Or better yet, why don't we
just microchip implant them,
and then when they walk through
the door, beep, beep, beep,
we know where the kids are, and
we know who's in the classroom.
>> NOORY: Yeah, so
chips in everybody.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah.
So if your only
value in a society
is convenience or cost
savings, and we throw away
all of the social aspects of
what it is to be human beings
and interact with one
another, then you're
going to get a world
where everybody
is staring into their devices.
Where, when you go to the
store, nobody greets you,
because it's all
computerized, and you're
checking out your own stuff.
And then you go home, and then
you get on your device again.
And we're not even
interacting with each other.
>> NOORY: Well, I'm not even
going to go to the store.
I'm going to send my
robot into the store
to go shopping for me.
>> ALBRECHT: And you know, the
place that this shows up most
is in the maternity wards,
because they're doing,
the VeriChip Corporation,
that makes the implant,
has actually got a product
that they call Xmark.
>> NOORY: What is that?
>> ALBRECHT: Isn't
that a great name?
Xmark is the ankle bracelet
that they put on newborn babies.
And they sold it to
Stanley Works up in Canada.
So they don't own it any longer,
but they developed this thing.
And now it's being
implemented in hospitals
all over the country.
And what they're
finding is that, you
would think that the
little ankle bracelet would
keep the abductions
from happening.
They're actually
finding that it's
the impersonal nature of just
sticking a microchip tracking
device on a kid that's making
those hospitals less safe.
And they're having
more abductions.
>> NOORY: Good point.
Let's talk about
chips in a moment.
Katherine Albrecht, our guest,
right here on "Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief"
with our special guest
Katherine Albrecht.
Chips inside of people,
how real is this?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, it's not
in the Obamacare Legislation,
let me lay that to
rest, first of all.
>> NOORY: People thought it was.
>> NOORY: They did.
>> NOORY: Was it ever?
>> ALBRECHT: Even yesterday,
somebody posted a new video
saying that it's in there.
>> NOORY: So it's not in there?
>> ALBRECHT: It's not in there.
There was an earlier version
of the bill that didn't pass,
that was briefly
floated around that
had a provision for
implantable devices
like pacemakers and
breast implants.
That said that they wanted
to create a registry so they
can tell if those things are
causing health problems down
the road.
Now I've got to
say, if they did do
that, I'd probably
embrace that idea.
Because we know the implantable
microchips cause cancer
in laboratory animals.
And so if they are implanting
these devices into people,
and the FDA approved it in
2005, so if they are implanting
microchips into
people, I wouldn't
mind there being a registry,
so that they can actually
follow up and monitor whether
they are causing cancer.
I'm not sure I would
want the Federal
Government to be
running that registry.
But I certainly think
that people voluntarily
may want to say, hey,
have a microchip in me,
and I'd like to be able to
have somebody monitoring
it to see if it's
causing cancer.
>> NOORY: The cancer is
at the point of insertion
in the animal?
>> ALBRECHT: It is.
What they originally
found is, when
they put these little glass
capsules into people--
and they're about the
size of the Tic Tac,
maybe a skinny Tic
Tac-- when they put them
into people and
animals, they migrate.
It's like a torpedo that
tunnels through the flesh.
And so they had,
like, race horses
that they went into their
lungs and were harming them.
So what they did to prevent
the sliding around of the glass
capsule, is they dipped it
in a little bit of plastic.
And the plastic causes the
body to kind of bind with it
and bond with it and create
scar tissue around it.
And we believe that
that process is
what's leading to the cancer.
>> NOORY: Katherine,
I'm pretty spiritual.
And I really enjoy reading
stories in the Bible,
in Genesis, or the
Book of Revelation,
and comparing it to real life
events just to see if, hey,
how did they know this?
This is too close.
Are the microchips the
sign of the beast, the 666?
Where you have to have something
to buy goods and services?
>> ALBRECHT: You know what's
so interesting in the research
that I do, and I am a Christian,
and I absolutely believe that
the mark of the beast is real.
I absolutely believe
that it's coming.
And each generation has
had its development.
The thing that it did, to push
this a little bit further,
1930s they introduced the
Social Security number and said,
it will never be used for ID.
Now trying even getting a phone
or gas turned on to your house
without it.
You have to have
it for everything.
So they thought, and said, well,
it's the mark of the beast.
And then the folks in
the 1970s and '80s said,
it's the bar code.
That's going to be the mark of
the beast, and they fought it.
>> NOORY: Or the
computer, right?
>> ALBRECHT: Or the
computer, itself.
Now, we're looking at RFID.
We do have, now,
the ability to take
all these numbers that
we've assigned to people,
and all of the infrastructure
that was created
in the 1930s around
these numbers,
and now take those numbers
and put them into people.
So I don't think it was
ever going to happen.
It was just from
one day to the next.
All of a sudden, boom!
Coming down from the sky.
Or maybe up from the pit,
would be this technology.
It has to have its
steps and stages.
And RFID, most definitely, is
one of those steps and stages.
Now when you talk about
the mark of the beast,
it talks about needing a
number to buy and sell.
Now let's talk about
buying and selling.
And what's happening
with that right now.
I just saw an ad, yesterday,
for using your cell phone
to make a payment to
someone for a broken window.
>> NOORY: Oh, it's huge.
It is amazing.
>> ALBRECHT: Yes.
>> NOORY: You can transfer
money to your friends,
to another one of your accounts,
just with your little smart
phone.
>> ALBRECHT: Exactly.
And what's happening
in the stores,
JC Penney's, which
I've mentioned already,
their new CEO is from Apple.
And what he wants to do
is, literally, eliminate
the cashiers, put RFID tags
on every single item in the JC
Penney store, and you have
to pay with your cell phone.
There's no other way to pay.
They won't even
take cash anymore.
Now the good news
is, they've just
lost like 60% of
their stock value
and they're going
out of business,
because his other policies
aren't working very well.
>> NOORY: Retail is getting
killed by the internet right
now.
>> ALBRECHT: It is.
But JC Penney's is getting
killed by Ron Johnson.
So that's a whole other story.
But yeah, this move
towards buying and selling,
using computer chips,
using this infrastructure,
and it's not a mistake
that it's called the net.
What is a net?
>> NOORY: Right.
>> ALBRECHT: It's not a mistake
that it's called the web.
And if you're gonna
call it the web,
you have to ask,
who is the spider?
>> NOORY: Ha, ha, ha.
And is it a black widow spider?
>> ALBRECHT: Indeed.
And I think it is.
I believe that when the
beast of Revelation,
which is a world leader and
a religious leader, that when
that beast arrives,
that that beast is
going to use the web
that we've created
to entrap all of humanity.
And already, there
are countries now,
where you can't do a
transaction of over $2,000
in cash without going to
jail for 5 to 15 years,
because they want all
transactions to be trackable.
>> NOORY: Wow!
Will there ever be a point
where you'll be at home,
and you'll say, I want this,
this, this, this, this,
this from my favorite
retail store.
And it will be waiting
for you when you show up
to the shipping department,
and you just pick it up?
You literally don't
even go into the store.
>> ALBRECHT: I'll do you
one better than that.
Amazon is experimenting
with same day delivery.
So you get on your smart device,
you punch in what you want,
and that same day it
arrives, literally,
on the doorstep of your home.
>> NOORY: They've got a
distribution center nearby,
and somebody
shelves the product.
And, of course, you'll
pay for that, right?
Extra shipping an handling.
>> ALBRECHT: And the
other thing, though,
is you won't have the ability
to make purchases anonymously.
See, this is why
cash is so important.
And I always say, cash,
use it or lose it.
If we don't start making
our purchases in cash,
and I mean going to the
bank and withdrawing
$200 to do your grocery
shopping, then they will say,
nobody cares about cash.
And cash will go away.
And at that point, your
anonymity will go away.
But there's something
more important.
Because privacy is a
means, it's not an end.
Privacy is not a goal.
Privacy is a means to
control over your own life.
And once they
invade your privacy,
once they say, just like
those workers at Safeway,
you know, well,
now you can't just
go buy that big
pot roast that you
were going to have for dinner.
Because now you're thinking,
they're watching me.
And that's going to
raise my insurance rates,
so now I can't buy that.
Now it's voluntary.
But once we move to a
national health care system
where, I'm paying
for your health care
and you're paying
for my health care,
then I think we
will most definitely
have a situation where
all of these records that
are being created on food
are going to clamp down.
And then they'll
say, no, you can't
buy that pot roast, period.
No matter what.
And if somebody else
buys it for you,
it'll have an RFID
tag in it that
will tell me who bought
it, and I scan your fridge.
And that person and you
are both going to jail.
>> NOORY: Try making
a deposit in the bank,
and then go in to try to get
the cash out the next day.
It is red tape.
You mean, what?
You want to take money
out of your account?
>> ALBRECHT: And
it's your money.
>> NOORY: And it's yours.
>> ALBRECHT: It's your money.
So if they're
controlling the finances,
you better believe
that they're going
to be controlling the food.
And they'll be controlling
the health care, as well.
So you won't be able to
get access to these things.
See, that's why it's
wonderful to have cash.
I can walk in, in
Colorado, California, Utah,
I can find a doctor.
Call him on my
cell phone and say,
I need an emergency appointment.
Walk in and pay cash.
In the future, you won't
be able to do that.
>> NOORY: There will
be no cash, one day.
>> ALBRECHT: Well, I'd like
to think we can hold onto it
a little longer, though.
>> NOORY: Katherine, when
we come back in the moment,
you have brought a machine
that can literally track credit
cards.
I want you to tell
us a little bit
about that, when we come back.
And also, real quickly,
mention a few of your websites,
would you?
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah, The website
that people can go to, to learn
about the cancer causing
microchips is chipmenot.com.
>> NOORY: Chipmenot.com.
>> ALBRECHT: Chip me not.
And that's the little animals.
We feature all the animals
that have developed cancer
from their implantable
microchips.
My main website is my name,
katherinealbrecht.com.
And because I do a
daily radio show,
you can go to kmashow.com.
And then of course, I'm a VP
with startpage.com, the world's
most private search engine.
>> NOORY: We're going to go
back in just a moment on "Beyond
Belief."
More with Katherine
Albrecht and your questions
from our audience, right
here, on "Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome back to
"Beyond Belief" with our guest,
Katherine Albrecht.
Katherine, RFID chips, where
will people see this happen?
Where is it going to be?
>> ALBRECHT: Well,
let me tell you,
if you want to tie it in
with the mark of the beast,
here's the scary thing.
The number one place
that people are
likely to find RFID is,
literally, in their own wallets
today.
>> NOORY: Oh, no.
>> ALBRECHT: And I'm betting
there's people in our viewing
audience, in the
studio audience, here,
everywhere you go that
have these RFID tags,
and don't even realize
they have them.
So what the credit card
companies have done
is quietly embed RFID tags
that can be read at a distance,
into people's credit cards.
>> NOORY: You could
steal the information?
>> ALBRECHT: Or ATM cards.
Yeah, here's the problem.
The whole thing about RFID,
RF is Radio Frequency.
These are radio waves.
They travel through
walls, not only
through your pocket
or your purse.
So one of the big
security problems
here is not only
do they transmit
through your pocket
or your purse,
but they actually
give the full credit
card number in the clear
and the expiration date.
And in fact, a lot of them
even give the full name
of the credit card holder.
So anyone who can just brush
up near you, stand next to you
on an elevator, or
in a crowded area,
they can go boom, boom,
boom, boom, and literally
collect hundreds of credit
card numbers just like that.
>> NOORY: So if I'm a guy
and I see you at a party.
And I just want to meet you.
And you're about to scam me.
And if you've got one of these
devices, you can do that?
>> ALBRECHT: I could
have it in my purse.
>> NOORY: All right, let's
do a little reenactment.
You sit there.
Let's pretend you're at a party.
>> ALBRECHT: All right.
>> NOORY: And I want to
come up and meet you.
And I'll tell you I have
a credit card on me, OK.
>> ALBRECHT: OK.
>> NOORY: Hey, hi, Katharine.
George Noory, how are you?
>> ALBRECHT: Hey, George.
It's great to see you.
>> NOORY: What's new?
>> ALBRECHT: How are you doing?
Hey, things are going great.
>> NOORY: I'm good.
Let me sit down, and we'll talk.
Now what did you just do?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, you must have
a credit card in your pocket.
>> NOORY: Well, I do.
>> ALBRECHT: You do.
All right.
Let me tell you
something about it.
I can tell you that it's
number starts with 433.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> ALBRECHT: And I can
tell that its number ends,
hang on, let me look on here.
>> NOORY: Don't give
my last four digits.
>> ALBRECHT: It ends with 98.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> ALBRECHT: And it
expires on 11/14.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
That's it, right here.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah.
And I can do that with
anybody in the audience
who has one of these tags.
>> NOORY: And off you
go shopping somewhere.
>> ALBRECHT: There you go.
>> NOORY: Maybe on the
internet, or whatever.
>> ALBRECHT: That's all that I
need to log on to any website
and order $10,000 worth
of electronics equipment.
Have it shipped to Eastern
Europe, unload it and voila,
you just got scammed.
>> NOORY: What are these credit
card companies doing now to try
to fight this stuff?
The fraud must be unbelievable.
>> ALBRECHT: Nothing.
This was first revealed in
2007 by researchers, Kevin Fu
and Thomas Benjamin
at the University
of Massachusetts in Amherst.
I'm going to give
them credit for this.
They revealed this.
It got lots of press.
And here we are, how
many years later?
And it has not been fixed.
So there's no encryption
on these tags,
because encryption
would cost money.
Encryption would be expensive.
So they put it together so that
it's readable in the clear.
Now that's bad enough
on your credit card.
You know that you
have a limit of $50
if there's a fraudulent charge.
>> NOORY: And if this
is my line of credit,
it's probably got a
limit of about $250.
>> ALBRECHT: So there you've
got your limit on there,
but then the real
part that concerns me,
is the border cards.
They're called epassport cards,
or enhanced driver's licenses.
And anybody who has one
of those, now this one
I had to be about this
distance to read it.
I could read it for your
pocket, through your wallet,
with my purse.
But the epassport cards and
the enhanced driver's licenses,
I could read from
down the block.
>> NOORY: So if you're in a
crowd walking down a street
in New York and you wanted
to steal this information,
maybe you're a terrorist
and you want to get people
in illegally, you can
capture stuff like that?
>> ALBRECHT: Not only
can I capture it,
but I can capture it
and within seconds,
I can begin emitting the same
number and pretending to be
you.
>> NOORY: Just like that?
>> ALBRECHT: Just like that.
In fact, I did a demo for
the Michigan Legislature,
where I went up to a
lawmaker and I pretended
I was standing next to
her on the elevator,
and then I pushed a
button on my device,
and I beginning
emitting her number,
I then walked over to her
office and I opened her door.
>> NOORY: Oh.
Was she in awe?
>> ALBRECHT: She was horrified.
>> NOORY: Where is this headed?
Where is this going?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, I think
what's going to happen is,
because the way it's being
implemented is so insecure--
it's not a mistake, by the
way, that it's insecure-- we,
being all of the RFID experts,
and the RFID industry, itself,
warned the State Department,
don't put these things
into passport cards.
Don't put them into
border crossing cards.
They're not secure.
In fact, they're so not
secure, that if this
was my enhanced
driver's license--
>> NOORY: Can I have that back?
>> ALBRECHT: I already know the
number, yeah, you can keep it.
But if I were to walk
into a Walmart store
with an enhanced driver's
license in my purse,
the Walmart underwear shelf
would read the number,
and would read my personal
information off of it.
>> NOORY: Shocking.
>> ALBRECHT: So that's insecure.
And we warned them.
We said, whatever you do,
don't use the product tagging
technology, use some new
encrypted special government
technology, What are you
guys doing using standard,
in the clear,
readable stuff that's
going to have readers in every
retail store in the country?
And I believe they
did it on purpose.
They knew.
We testified, there's pages
of stuff that went to them.
So what is ultimately
going to happen
is that, when this becomes so
insecure that the public will
begin clamoring, hey, they're
accessing all my information.
We need more security.
Then they're going to
link it with biometrics.
And then they're going
to link it with your DNA.
And then it's going
to be an implant.
>> NOORY: And then you're gone.
It's over.
>> ALBRECHT: That's right.
>> NOORY: In Baltimore, they've
got cameras on buses now.
And I can understand a little
bit of that, for security.
People fight on buses
and get stabbed on buses.
But now they're recording
people's private conversations.
So if you and I were sitting
on a bus kind of whispering
about things, they record it.
Why are they doing this?
>> ALBRECHT: You know,
it gets back to that web
and the spider.
And you can even take it
right back to the beast.
That what we are
building, thinking
in the name of security and
efficiency and saving money,
we are building the
body of the beast.
We've already put in place his
eyes, even in my health club.
And now were putting
in place his ears.
And pretty soon,
those eyes and ears
are going to be in your home.
They're going to be everywhere.
>> NOORY: What about
red light cameras?
Research has shown,
in some cities,
it's minimized accidents.
Yet, I've talked
to some experts who
say they increase accidents.
That people are so
obsessed now about running
through a yellow light that
they will hit, immediately,
and they get rear ended.
>> ALBRECHT: That's right.
>> NOORY: Are these
cameras here to stay?
>> ALBRECHT: They
absolutely are here to stay.
And there's an enormous
infrastructure.
We actually wrote about
this in "Spy Chips"
about how they have
entire command centers.
You remember in the movies, or
when they did the moon landing?
And they had the
huge command center.
And you saw the
banks of cameras.
That's what they do with
all the traffic cameras.
They have banks of
cameras in these centers,
where they watch and observe
all of our movements.
And what it is, is it ties
in to knowing when you fly.
Now they've got this incredible
databases to do that.
To knowing when you travel.
And they're linking it up
with license plate readers
and cameras now.
So that all of your vehicular
travel will be tracked,
as well.
All the cabs in New York now
have RFID readers on board,
literally, in cabs.
So when you get
into a cab, you're
going to have to scan your chip
implant to even take a cab.
So they don't want
you traveling.
And what's interesting is,
one of the first things
that Amnesty International
and all these groups that
look at oppressive government
regimes, one of their things
that they look at to see
how free is a people,
is whether the government is
restricting and monitoring
their travel.
And look at what's
happening to us.
And they're doing it
through these technologies.
>> NOORY: When I was 16
years old, 300 years ago,
I got a Social Security
number and I was able to work.
And I was able to file my taxes
and I was able to get employed
and to do all
these great things.
What happens with the chip?
When they tell us,
folks, were doing away
with these Social
Security cards.
The number is going
to be on a chip.
All we want you to do
is go to your doctor
and he will put a
little shot in your arm.
It won't hurt at all,
and you're all set.
So when you go
shopping, you just
wave your hand right
over the old screener.
Or if you're going to
get a job, you just
wave it there for the Human
Resources Department person.
Are they force us,
that way, to get that?
Because on the face of it, right
now, if they told me today,
George, go get a chip.
My answer is absolutely no.
But what happens when they force
you to have to have it in order
to get a job, like your
Social Security number?
>> ALBRECHT: Well, I think it's
not going to be our generation.
I think for this to be adopted
our generation is going
to be a little too
mm, mm, no thank you.
But what worries
me are the kids.
Because they just had an event
called the Zombie Pub Crawl
in Minneapolis.
>> NOORY: They sure did.
>> ALBRECHT: 50,000
young people.
>> NOORY: They loved it.
>> ALBRECHT: In their teens and
20's, not only agreed to put
an RFID wrist band on their
right hand that tracked them
as they moved from
pub to pub to pub.
>> NOORY: And they
thought it was cool
>> ALBRECHT: They
dressed as zombies,
they were dripping blood,
they thought it was cool.
50,000 people tracked with RFID.
It's one of the biggest RFID
trackings we've ever had.
Not only did those
young people, you
would think young people
would say, heck, no.
I don't want people tracking me.
I want to be free.
>> NOORY: It's like
the smart phone thing.
>> ALBRECHT: It
was the opposite.
They were craving these things.
>> NOORY: I want one.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah.
And then what they did to
make it even more compelling
is, they set up these big
kiosks that said Facebook.
And people would go
over and voluntarily
press their wrist band,
their tracking wrist band up,
to report to the internet, to
the global brain, to the net,
to the spider, here I am.
>> NOORY: I bet, if
they offered to implant,
most of those kids
would have had it done.
>> ALBRECHT: That's
what scares me.
And in fact, the
number one place--
because we stopped the
implanting of people
with microchips.
We stopped it through the
Blue Cross/Blue Shield trial.
We got that stopped.
We stopped the chipping
of Alzheimer's patients.
That's my antichips.com
website, you
can see all the
protests that we did
to make that stop, and all the
research that we put together.
So it's been stopped
in all of those sort
of formal, official places.
But where it's happening
now is in tattoo parlors,
where people are literally
buying the microchip
implants that are used
for veterinarians,
and thinking it's cool to
put them into their hands.
>> NOORY: No, you're right.
That's the secret of this.
Make it fun and the
young people will do it.
This generation won't do it.
Folks in the
audience won't do it.
You won't do it.
I won't do it.
But the kids might,
because it's cool.
And it's going to happen
time and time again.
Well as, you well
know, we will also
take some more questions
for Katherine Albrecht.
So just raise your hands for
me and we'll get right to you.
There you go.
>> AUDIENCE: In your opinion,
do you think that there is,
or will ever be, a benevolent
use for RFID technology?
>> ALBRECHT: You know, there's
a great quote by C.P. Snow,
the "New York Times" writer that
we opened our book "Spy Chips"
with.
And it said, technology
is a queer thing.
It gives you great
gifts with one hand,
and it stabs you in the
back with the other.
So I can say that
about pesticides.
I can say that about
genetically modifying foods.
modern health care.
I can say that about the car.
That it's great to have cars.
It's a bummer that we
have so much pollution.
So it really is that all of
these technologies, and that's
a whole other story about where
I think the technologies came
from, because I
think they literally
tie back to the Garden of Eden.
So all of these technologies
that we've been given,
the knowledge of good and
evil is good and evil.
They're both.
So yes, you could use RFI-- if
we lived in a not fallen world,
if we lived in a perfect
world, I wouldn't worry.
>> NOORY: But we'll never
live in a perfect world.
>> ALBRECHT: We won't.
And if you build these powerful,
powerful systems and structures
in place for
control, somebody is
going to step in and
use them for control.
>> NOORY: Who else would have
a question for Katherine?
Here we go, right here.
>> AUDIENCE: OK my question
is, does the aluminum wallet,
will that help protect your
credit cards from that scanner?
>> NOORY: Yeah, can you have
something that will insulate
your credit cards?
>> ALBRECHT: You know, this is
the question people always ask
me.
And the answer is, yes, if you
surround them with aluminum,
that it'll work.
You can Start Page aluminum RFID
blocking wallet and duct tape,
and you can actually
learn how to make
your own out of duct tape.
So it's true.
But I think what worries me is
that, when you've got a card,
and you have this
little symbol on it,
and you know that it has RFID,
why would you want to knowingly
have this be a part of
your financial world?
Why would you want
this in your wallet?
And so the
frustration for me is,
I would love for every
single person in America
to say to the credit card
companies, we will refuse,
we'll close our accounts unless
you get this out of there.
But instead, it's kind of
like patching a little patch
onto the problem,
of well, I'll just
make sure nobody can read
it, and I guess it's OK.
So yeah, it's almost
like saying rape is OK,
as long a you use a condom.
It's never OK.
These technologies
are dangerous.
And they should not
be in our wallets.
>> NOORY: Well,
you see, nowadays,
Katherine people are so
excited just to get approved
by a credit card company,
they're not going to call them
back and say, I don't
want it, cancel it.
You know, things are tough
for a lot of people out there.
So if a credit card
company says, look,
we're going to give you a
$1,000 monthly line of credit,
they would take the card.
I don't know how
many people look
at the back of these things.
>> ALBRECHT: Even it they
had 100 people who said,
I want to keep my account, I
want to keep my account number,
just please reissue be a plastic
card that doesn't have this
stuff in it.
I don't want it.
That would be enough.
So they would have
two different version.
>> NOORY: Let's take some more.
Anybody?
There you go.
>> AUDIENCE: When
they put the chips--
and I don't know if they
implanted them in the high
school kids, or if it was
something they wore in Texas--
are these little trial
balloons of, well,
lets see how far we can go
under the guise of we just want
to see how they interact,
how flu spreads?
That was the case that
they put those in the kids.
Is this just trying to
push this thing forward?
Let's try this with
this excuse, et cetera?
>> NOORY: That's a
good test, isn't it?
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah, they're
really aiming for the kids.
I think that they've given
up on our generation.
I think that they know that
we'll accept some things,
and we're certainly
staring into our devices.
But they know that
we're not going
to accept that kind of
like full on tracking.
The kids, though,
on the other hand,
if you've got a middle school
student who's in seventh grade,
like down in San
Antonio, they're
doing the 7th
through 12th grade,
they have to wear
active RFID tracking
badges around their necks this
year as part of that pilot.
And those kids are being
tracked with the readers
all over the ceiling
that are monitoring
their location all day long.
And those kids, you know, the
ones that are in 12th grade,
they're going to
be decision makers.
They're going to be
judges and lawyers
and corporate executives.
They're going to be
the next generation.
In like 10 or 15
years they're going
to be making those decisions.
And when they are in
a position to say,
how should the world look?
They're going to
say, well, of course
it's going to have to involve
tracking of every person.
I grew up with it.
It's just part of society.
So that's why, I
think, right now,
we have a window of
opportunity to stop
the tracking of those
school kids in San Antonio.
And I think it's crucial
that we all join in to do it.
Because it's a pilot this year.
It's 4,200 kids,
one single pilot.
And if they get away with it
for this entire school year,
they're going to roll
it out all across Texas.
>> NOORY: Are the
parents opposed to it?
>> ALBRECHT: A lot
of the parents are.
>> NOORY: The kids may
not be, but the parents?
>> ALBRECHT: But see,
they picked a community,
and this is what they always do,
they pick the disenfranchised.
They picked a community
where a lot of people
don't speak English.
Some of them may not even
be in the country, legally.
>> NOORY: They're not even
aware of what these are.
>> ALBRECHT: They're not in
any kind of position to go
and argue and say I
don't agree with this,
because they want to bring
attention to themselves.
A lot of them are
military families
where dad has been gone for
years over in Afghanistan,
and mom is doing
the best she can.
She doesn't have time to
fuss around with that.
And so when they say, hey,
do it or else, they're
not going to go to the
school board meetings.
They don't have the
power to do that.
So that's why, I
believe it's critical
that we, who understand this
technology, who have access
to television and radio, who
have the ear of the country,
that we say no to
this now, because it's
an awful lot easier to take
a fire extinguisher to one
tree, than to 100
miles of forest.
>> NOORY: Katherine Albrecht
is also a pretty accomplished
author.
When we come back in just a
moment, on "Beyond Belief,"
we'll talk about her
work, "Spy Chips."
We'll be right back.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief"
with Katherine Albrecht.
She's also an accomplished
author, "Spy Chips."
I remember when you
were on "Coast to Coast"
with me talking about this,
tremendous reviews on this.
It's all about your
work, isn't it?
>> ALBRECHT: It it.
And you know what's
interesting about this book is,
when we wrote it, the RFID
industry was horrified,
because we revealed
all their plans.
We said, here's what
Walmart's going to do.
They're taking
pictures of people.
They're doing all
of these things.
And they tried to
say, oh, come on,
that's just science fiction.
That's all just imagination.
Here we are, just a
couple years later,
and every single thing in
that book is happening.
Right down to do, do you guys
remember the Talking Plant?
>> NOORY: Oh yeah.
>> ALBRECHT: We talked
about putting reader devices
into the coffee maker, so you
could see what elderly people
are doing.
That's exactly what
they're doing right now.
They're running trials of
that, where they actually
have embedded RFID devices
into elderly people's homes.
And they're watching them.
So everything we talked about
in the book is all coming true.
It's more true today than
it was when we wrote it.
>> NOORY: Katherine what
scares you about this?
>> ALBRECHT: Oh, my goodness.
What scares me, I
think, is the history.
Because if you look
at the 20th century,
the thing that killed people
was not random crimes.
The thing that killed
people was government.
You can look at the
Soviet Union and Stalin,
who killed 60 million people.
And the way he did it, was
by knowing who opposed him.
By watching everything, by
taking away people's privacy.
You didn't know if your
neighbor was an informant.
If you had to get
together at your home
you had to watch what you said,
because the ears had walls,
practically.
And now we're
getting to the point
where the literal
walls will have ears.
So it's not just your
informant neighbors
and the KGB spying on
you, or the Gestapo.
Where it will become embedded
into our environment.
And so, if we get
to the point where
there's rampant
corruption, excuse me,
like in the banking industry
maybe, or in government.
>> NOORY: Oh really?
>> ALBRECHT: So yeah, like,
that might happen some day.
And if we get to that point and
you want to be a whistleblower,
or you want to speak out
against these technologies,
then they will have the
ability to shut you down,
to make sure that your
chip doesn't work.
Your account is not active.
You can't go on a plane.
You can't even start your car.
And so at that
point-- see right now,
I envision they're putting
a noose around society.
And its loose.
And we don't feel it.
I see it, everywhere I go.
I see the news and I'm
like, don't people see this?
At some point that noose
is going to get yanked.
And when it gets
yanked this time,
there's going to
be no going back,
because it's going to be global.
See at least with the Soviet
Union, and with Hitler,
we had an out, because it
wasn't the whole world.
But now it's becoming
the whole world.
>> NOORY: And we knew the
difference between right
and wrong.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah.
>> NOORY: I'm not
sure we do anymore.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah,
it's getting scary.
And those human
values are getting
lost, where people are not
even recognizing what they are,
anymore.
Where there's an ad that
I just saw that said,
use your smartphone to watch
your kids and watch your baby.
Won't it be great when the smart
phone can babysit your newborn?
I'm thinking, well, don't you
want to hold your newborn?
>> NOORY: What'?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Here's the smart phone, this
is mommy, put it right there.
>> ALBRECHT: Oh, my gosh.
>> NOORY: My ideal job
in the future will be,
in every metropolitan city to
have a 20 foot screen of me
beaming down on
people as they walk,
everybody dressed in
little white outfits,
and they'll see my
picture up there.
>> ALBRECHT: Like
that Apple ad, right?
>> NOORY: And I'll be dictating
things to people, 24/7.
That would be the perfect job.
I would like that.
>> ALBRECHT: I think that
even the people who are doing
the dictating, many of them
think that they're doing a good
thing.
They really do.
>> NOORY: You think?
>> ALBRECHT: I think --
not all of them, perhaps,
probably not most of them.
But there are people out here.
I think that the researchers,
for example, in those labs that
are creating ways to
monitor elderly people
for their own health, in
their own twisted thinking,
they think it's a good thing.
>> NOORY: Absolutely.
>> ALBRECHT: And I've going to
say, don't you want your adult,
I mean you adult kids,
don't you want to call mom,
instead of just looking at a
screen and seeing when she used
the coffee maker?
>> NOORY: I've seen television
commercials, Katherine,
where this little old lady
collapses of her floor,
and she reaches for this
button and squeezes it.
And when you see that, you
go, this is great technology.
The ambulance will be here
to save mom, just like that.
But there's a downside
from that, isn't there?
>> ALBRECHT: Exactly.
And again, they're going
for the elderly, that's
who they were implanting with
the microchips, Alzheimer's
patients.
Not only elderly people, but
elderly people who don't even
understand what's
happening to them.
And they were rolling
up their sleeves
and putting chips into them.
And then they pick kids in a
poor community on the border
Mexico, because they have access
to them, and because they can.
And so I think, really, it's
going to be targeting our kids.
It's targeting them through the
media, the music, the culture,
the smart phones, the
cool, hip, amazingness.
And when you try to warn
the kids and you say,
maybe it's not so
good to be staring
into that device all day
and checking into Facebook,
and using the GPS feature to
tell all your friends where
you are.
They are trained by the media
to think that we're just
a bunch of old fuddies
who don't get it.
Instead of saying,
hey, wait a minute.
Maybe these people
older than me actually
know something that's
a cultural value that I
need to tune into
just a little bit.
And that brings me to the book.
>> NOORY: Another one?
You've written another one?
>> ALBRECHT: I have.
>> NOORY: What is this?
And actually, this is
hot off the presses.
It's called "I Wont'
Take the Mark."
it is a book for children,
specifically because of what
we're talking about.
That kids need to be warned
about the mark of the beast.
>> NOORY: This is a great idea.
And so there's a
message at the end?
I should read the
ending right now, huh?
>> ALBRECHT: Well,
there's only a message.
Let me tell you what is.
At the very end, so it
talks about Revelation.
How could John, exiled on an
island off the coast of Greece,
practically living in a cave.
How could he have seen a time
when you could buy or sell
without a number?
>> NOORY: I know.
>> NOORY: How could he have
known that unless the Bible was
true?
Every single thing in there,
Israel becoming a nation again,
all of these things
that are happening
are pointing to the fact
that we are actually
fulfilling prophecy, right
now, with our smart phones
and our bar codes and our RFID
tags and our credit cards,
it's happening right
in front of us.
>> NOORY: What a ride
it's going to be.
>> ALBRECHT: So the real key,
and there's really only one
actionable message
in Revelation.
You can read it.
It's complicated.
You can spend a
lot of studying it.
But there's one
actionable message,
and the actionable
message is, don't
take the mark when it comes.
You need to that's it coming.
Recognize it.
Don't take it.
And then call out to Christ
to save you from that time.
That's the only thing.
The rest of it is
all storytelling.
You know, it's true.
But it's all a story.
But the thing you can
do is take that stand
and not take that
mark when it comes.
And I believe that this
generation of children
is going to be to the
point where, you know,
when they did the
Coachella Music Festival,
there were tens of
thousands with RFID wrist
bands on their right wrist.
Thousands of websites
talking about it.
>> NOORY: Oh, yeah, it was huge.
>> ALBRECHT: Not one
said mark of the beast.
Not one mentioned it.
So that's why we've got, as
grandparents, as parents,
as Sunday school teachers,
as people who love children,
we've got to get this
information into their hands.
And the thing that
this all comes down to
is the contract at the end.
>> NOORY: You have the
little kids sign a contract?
>> ALBRECHT: It has a
little contract, right here.
>> NOORY: And if you don't sign
it, we will take your soul,
right?
>> ALBRECHT: No, George, gosh.
No.
My grandmother, when I
was eight years old--
I've told this story
on "Coast" before,
but I'll tell it again--
she's sat me down,
after we had been
grocery shopping,
and she said, there
will come a time
when people won't be able to
buy or sell without a mark,
and I want you to promise
me to never take it.
And at that time, all of
the products in the stores
had stickers.
>> NOORY: Oh, sure.
>> ALBRECHT: There
weren't any bar codes.
I had never even
seen a calculator.
So the idea that we would
have high speed, ubiquitously
networked, satellite linked,
smart phone payment systems
in the stores was like
totally in the future.
>> NOORY: You wouldn't
even think about that.
>> ALBRECHT: I
couldn't even imagine.
I couldn't even imagine
how you could buy or sell
with a number.
So I said, grandma, I
promise, I'll never do that.
And I also made myself a promise
that if I saw that coming true,
I would pick up my Bible and
know that the Bible was true,
because it so outlandish
and so far-fetched.
So I also said, I'll tell
my kids and great grand,
and thousands of years in
the future when this happens,
my descendants will
know not to do it.
And now here we are
today, where young people
are wearing tracking
devices around their necks,
and putting on RFID tags, and
injecting them into themselves.
So this contract
is, essentially,
what my grandmother
asked me this sign.
Well, I didn't have to sign it.
She just made me promise.
But this is an opportunity
for grandparents
to share this information.
And you may not get a
lot of chances to do it.
>> NOORY: But it sticks in
their mind, once they sign that.
>> ALBRECHT: My grandmother
passed away a year after she
shared this information with
me, and it changed my life.
>> NOORY: You never forgot it.
>> ALBRECHT: I don't
think I would be here,
I know I wouldn't be here,
if it weren't for that.
>> NOORY: Years ago, I was at
one of my favorite restaurants
in St. Louis.
And I have my little
tiny flip phone.
And I'm making my little
calls before "Coast to Coast."
And I'd flip it back.
And somebody came up to me
and said, you know what?
For an older guy,
you're kind of hot,
but that phone makes you
look like a dinosaur.
>> ALBRECHT: Oh, wow.
>> NOORY: I'm saying,
it's just a phone.
Well, then, about a
week later, someone else
came up and said the
exact same thing.
So old George switched
to a smart phone.
And that's what I use now.
And technologically, I
do my text messaging,
and I do my sending
and stuff like that.
But that tells you how
people's mindset changes
from one period,
where I never thought
I would be using a
smart phone, to today.
>> ALBRECHT: Right.
>> NOORY: And it could happen
to a lot of other people.
>> ALBRECHT: Right, today
it's the smart phone,
what's it going to be tomorrow?
Hey, George, you only have
your RFID tag on a watch.
I've got the implant.
>> NOORY: Put it right here.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah, exactly.
>> NOORY: It'll be easier.
>> ALBRECHT: Yeah.
>> NOORY: You brought me a cup.
>> ALBRECHT: I did.
>> NOORY: What is this?
>> ALBRECHT: This
is from Start Page.
>> NOORY: I love these
gifts, by the way.
>> ALBRECHT: So this is such
discouraging information,
when you talk about RFID and
privacy innovation and how
Google monitors all your
searches and they read all
your email, people
get freaked out.
And so one of the things
that I love to be able to do
is to say, there
are steps you can
take to protect your privacy.
And so I worked with
the folks at Ixquick,
which you may recall.
Ixquick, the European
search engine,
to create Start Page,
which is a private--
>> NOORY: Which has got
a great name, by the way.
>> ALBRECHT: Thank you.
Yeah.
I actually helped
come up with that.
>> NOORY: Startpage.com?
>> ALBRECHT: Startpage.com.
And that is the place where
you can access and do searches
without-- it's actually
real Google searches,
you can access Google searches
without Google seeing you.
And the cool thing
about it is, we
delete all records
of your visit.
So we don't know your IP
address, your location.
And if we were subpoenaed
or, God forbid, hacked,
which has never
happen, but if it did,
there would be nothing to get.
>> NOORY: You don't have it.
>> ALBRECHT: Blank servers
with nothing on them.
>> NOORY: That's the
best way to do it.
Katherine, thank you for
being on the program.
>> ALBRECHT: Thank you, Geoge.
God bless you.
>> NOORY: Katherine Albrecht.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: So one day, when
they ask you to get chipped,
remember this program.
And stop for a moment and
say, I'm not going to do it.
Thanks for witnessing
"Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]